core/exceptions/DealershipException.java
 core.exceptions.DealershipException
core/repository/IDroidRepository.java
 core.repository.IDroidRepository
core/domain/validators/ReceiptValidator.java
 core.domain.validators.ReceiptValidator
core/service/implementations/PurchaseService.java
 core.service.implementations.PurchaseService
core/domain/Droid.java
 core.domain.Droid
core/domain/ClientDroidPrimaryKey.java
 core.domain.ClientDroidPrimaryKey
core/repository/IReceiptRepository.java
 core.repository.IReceiptRepository
core/domain/BaseEntity.java
 core.domain.BaseEntity
core/coreConfig/JPAConfig.java
 core.coreConfig.JPAConfig
core/domain/Purchase.java
 core.domain.Purchase
core/service/implementations/ClientService.java
 core.service.implementations.ClientService
core/service/interfaces/IClientService.java
 core.service.interfaces.IClientService
core/service/implementations/DroidService.java
 core.service.implementations.DroidService
core/domain/validators/ClientValidator.java
 core.domain.validators.ClientValidator
core/exceptions/ValidatorException.java
 core.exceptions.ValidatorException
core/repository/IClientRepository.java
 core.repository.IClientRepository
core/repository/IPurchaseRepository.java
 core.repository.IPurchaseRepository
core/repository/IRepository.java
 core.repository.IRepository
core/domain/Client.java
 core.domain.Client
core/service/interfaces/IReceiptService.java
 core.service.interfaces.IReceiptService
core/service/implementations/ReceiptService.java
 core.service.implementations.ReceiptService
core/domain/Receipt.java
 core.domain.Receipt
core/domain/validators/PurchaseValidator.java
 core.domain.validators.PurchaseValidator
core/domain/validators/Validator.java
 core.domain.validators.Validator
core/service/interfaces/IDroidService.java
 core.service.interfaces.IDroidService
core/service/interfaces/IPurchaseService.java
 core.service.interfaces.IPurchaseService
core/domain/validators/DroidValidator.java
 core.domain.validators.DroidValidator
core/exceptions/NotFoundException.java
 core.exceptions.NotFoundException
